Hello, I am (Dastin) and welcome to (the smartest every day)
And today I will show you things
It is super-fast and has nothing to do with all these guns
In fact, it is much sweeter, (literally) (
Look at this
It's a jar of honey
I know I'm a bit weird
But we were prepared by super-naive imaging, and we will show you
The so-called effect of the liquid column file is how it works
Just put some honey on this food stick,
And watched him how to drain.
Watch this, is not that great?
This happens thanks to fluid viscosity, fluid simplicity and twisting to the top
And I think this is something very neat and we have pictured it
At high speed and then we will discuss
More deeply. Fluid dynamics are amazing
It's tempting to think it's an easy math question, but it turns out I'm still studying the subject
Fifty years ago, let me introduce you to the variables
This sector is called the file, and this is the tail.
(H) The mass flow rate in the material is (Q)
And the primary radius at the top of the tail
Is (a0). The text in the country at the bottom is called (a1)
The great part is the angular winding frequency known as omega ())
The fluid itself has its characteristic properties, which must be considered, density (ρ)
And surface tension equivalent (gamma Ɣ) and motor viscosity (New ν) and the surface tension coefficient is gamma. The kinematic viscosity is nu.
Well, simply kinetic viscosity is
A measure of fluid thickness. It is a measure of resistance
Fluid for cutting and tensioning efforts. The dynamic viscosity unit is (Boise = 1 millisecond. Second)
The motor viscosity is measured by stokes (1 cm ^ 2 / s)
The kinetic viscosity is defined by momentum distribution
This is logical if you are thinking about spreading the momentum throughout the fluid
As you can see here, it is clear that the mixture of honey and molasses is the largest viscosity
If these complex words have bored you, wait a little, there is a scene in the bathroom for you.
But if you are like me and you want to understand what happens and you want to know all the mathematical processes related to the subject, well prepare for it.
What you see now are four different types of flow that scientists can describe
Using the variables we have already defined to begin here
This is known as the viscous flow system, that the rise of fluid (H)
Which drops liquid from it is relatively low,
Naturally, the gully is a spiral to allow room for glutinous flow
It is interesting to equation angular frequency
It does not include the motor viscosity of the fluid that's amazing!
Compared to the so-called influx system. Second order
The gravitational flow system is usually called the higher the height (H)
The more gravity extends the fluid
Viscosity is resisting that extension
The value of the motor sprocket is shown in the equation
The winding becomes regular and constant.
This is the case that we have already filmed.
The third system in which we will learn about the so-called inertia flow system.
When the height becomes too high, the velocity of the fluid increases significantly
The fish are now less noticeable in the equation that the radius of the file
At the bottom and embedded in the denominator of the equation, and raised to the tenth forces
If you think about it, this means that the smaller the radius
The higher the frequency of winding, the more logical it is. Well, fourth order
It is my love reason for science. The more we know about it, somewhere between the flow of gravity
And inertial system flow system, everything is suddenly trained
The case of a file changes from a fixed organizer to an irritant or stranger pattern
But if you increase the height a little bit, we will return to the regular file case again.
Or more, the fluid returns to the steady state (the gravitational flow system), but in the event of frenzy, the frequency changes
Violently, but after further investigation it is clear that the frenzy will always be codified at a single pace followed without knowing why.
This is very interesting and there are complex studies on this subject will link to the bottom
So that they can see your nose. It is really astonishing how human beings were able
Overcoming the dilemmas of the great era, but we still suffer in the smallest things
If you want to know why you have this episode, you will also see this information at the bottom
The situation has become a little bit suspicious, every day
You can see the effect of the liquid column in your own bathroom. The only easy way to take a shampoo
Which is a little viscous to adjust the flow rate
And rise until you get the right pairing and then boom
I've got the effect of the solenoid shaft, it's beautiful.
Change the data and see how the effect changes
I am not responsible for any excess in shampoo
I (Dosten) you become the smartest every day to meet
[Translated by Khaled Abdullatif Bakry] for inquiries and suggestions @amkrro